Question 1. Which of the four transforms suggested got you the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test?
Answer 1. Since, the histogram is right skewed that ruled out np.exp and counts**2, leaving two choices np.log and np.sqrt. Out of these two np.sqrt got the closest to satisfying the assumptions of a T-test although for weekdays it does not pass the normality test but the difference between the pvalue is much closer to 0.05 than for np.log. So, I chose np.sqrt.


Question 2. I gave imprecise English translations of what the by-week test, and the Mann-Whitney test were actually testing. Do the same for the original T-test, and for the transformed data T-test. That is, describe what the conclusion would be if you could reject the null hypothesis in those tests.
Answer 2. Here, Null Hypothesis says that the number of comments on weekdays are equal to the number of comments on weekends and Alternate Hypothesis states that number of comments on weekdays are different than number of comments on weekends. Here null hypothesis is rejected because pvalue < 0.05 so we conclude that Alternate Hypothesis is true.


Question 3. Of the four approaches, which do you think actually does a better job of getting an answer for the original question: “are there a different number of Reddit comments posted on weekdays than on weekends?” Briefly explain why. (It's not clear to me that there is a single correct answer to this question.)
Answer 3. As can be seen from the pvalues of weekly data (Fix 2), p > 0.05 for equal variance and a check for normality, it indeed do a better job of getting the answer to our main question. The T-test pvalue for this Fix 2 is not very small as compared to other T-tests conducted. Other approaches violates some of the pvalue assumptions and hence are not that efficient. 


Question 4. When are more Reddit comments posted in /r/canada, on average weekdays or weekends?
Answer 4. On average, more Reddit comments in /r/canada are posted on weekdays than weekends because when the means of both the data are calculated it indicates that average comments on weekdays(1823.5785441) is greater than the average comments on weekends(1269.5071770).